# US 6.1.5

<!-- TOC -->
- [US 6.1.5](#us-615)
  - [1. Context](#1-context)
  - [2. Requirements](#2-requirements)
  - [3. Analysis](#3-analysis)
  - [4. Design](#4-design)
    - [4.1. Realization](#41-realization)
<!-- TOC -->


## 1. Context

This is the first time this user story is worked on.

## 2. Requirements

**US 6.1.5:** As Admin, I want the information about staff’s availability and operation schedule is in sync with the plan generated by the planning module.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

- 6.1.5.1: The staff's availability and operation schedule must always be in a valid state, meaning no double booking.

- 6.1.5.2: The system must be reliable and maintain data integrity .

**Dependencies/References:**

This user story relies heavily on the user stories related to the planning module.

## 3. Analysis

The objective of this user story is to ensure that the staff availability and operation schedule accurately reflect any changes made in the planning module. This enables the Admin to have up-to-date, reliable data when making decisions about resource allocation and scheduling.

When the planning module generates a new plan, the staff’s availability and operation schedule should automatically update to reflect the latest information.

If a staff member’s availability changes , this change should propagate to the operation schedule and be reflected in the planning module Additionally, any adjustment to the schedule (e.g., rescheduling operations, changing operation rooms) should reflect both in the planning module and the displayed schedule for the Admin.

## 4. Design

### 4.1. Realization

To ensure integration between the staff’s availability, the operation schedule, and the plan generated by the planning module, it is essential to update the data whenever a new plan is created.

Therefore, after the plan is generated and the data is returned to the back-office module, as described in user stories 6.3.1 and 6.3.3, the Database must be updated to reflect this new plan. This update ensures that the most current plan aligns with staff availability and operational schedules, maintaining consistency and facilitating effective implementation across the system.

This approach will be better demonstrated in the process view diagrams of the user stories: [us-6.3.1](../../us-6.3.1/readme.md) and [us-6.3.3](../../us-6.3.3/readme.md)
